java.net.DatagramSocketImplFactory            createDatagramSocketImpl returns-sink direct
java.net.http.AndroidHttpClient               newInstance      returns-sink  direct
android.net.http.HttpResponseCache            install          returns-sink  direct
android.net.http.HttpResponseCache            getInstalled     returns-sink  direct
android.nfc.NfcAdapter                        getDefaultAdapter        is-sink      direct
java.net.URLStreamHandler                     openConnection   returns-sink  direct
java.net.URL                                  openConnection   returns-sink  direct
java.nio.channels.ServerSocketChannel         accept           returns-sink  direct
java.net.ServerSocket                         accept           returns-sink  direct
java.nio.channels.DatagramChannel             socket           returns-sink  direct
java.sql.DriverManager                        getConnection    returns-sink  direct
java.net.Socket                               getOutputStream  returns-sink  direct
java.net.SocketImpl                           getOutputStream  returns-sink  direct
android.bluetooth.BluetoothSocket             getOutputStream  returns-sink  direct
java.net.DatagramSocket                       <init>           is-sink       direct
java.net.DatagramSocketImpl                   <init>           is-sink       direct
java.net.MulticastSocket                      <init>           is-sink       direct
java.io.FileOutputStream                      <init>           is-sink       indirect
java.io.FileWriter                            <init>           is-sink       indirect
java.net.HttpURLConnection                    <init>           is-sink       direct
java.net.URLConnection                        <init>           is-sink       direct
java.nio.channels.DatagramChannel             <init>           is-sink       direct
java.nio.channels.SocketChannel               <init>           is-sink       direct
javax.net.ssl.SSLSocket                       getOutputStream  returns-sink  direct
javax.net.ssl.HttpsURLConnection              <init>           is-sink       direct